fixes for storageclass and AI pod (#39)
redhat-partner-solutions/vse-carslab-hub: README.md

# vse-carslab-hub
This repository helps configure an existing OpenShift cluster as a *Hub cluster*, whereby it can deploy *Managed* OpenShift clusters with Red Hat Advanced Cluster Management (ACM) for Kubernetes and OpenShift GitOps.  Red Hat ACM is responsible for deploying additional OpenShift clusters, typically referred to as *Managed* or *spoke* clusters.
All cluster lifecycle is managed by Argo CD, including the Argo configuration itself.

## Prerequisites
In order to successfully use the contents of this repository, you need to have an OpenShift cluster deployed *with* storage available and ready to consume.  The methods of deployment of this OpenShift cluster can be:
- Red Hat ACM

> - Baremetal Installer Provisioned Infrastructure (https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/installing/installing_bare_metal_ipi/ipi-install-overview.html)
> - Crucible Ansible Playbooks (https://github.com/redhat-partner-solutions/crucible)
> - Agent Based Installer (https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/installing/installing_with_agent_based_installer/preparing-to-install-with-agent-based-installer.html)

Reviewer: Maybe adding brackets here?
```suggestion
- [Baremetal Installer Provisioned Infrastructure] (https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/installing/installing_bare_metal_ipi/ipi-install-overview.html)
- [Crucible Ansible Playbooks] (https://github.com/redhat-partner-solutions/crucible)
- [Agent Based Installer] (https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.12/installing/installing_with_agent_based_installer/preparing-to-install-with-agent-based-installer.html)
```

> Storage can be provided however you deem fit.  Cloud environments typically have dynamic storage available after OpenShift cluster installation.  The requirements are (2) PersistentVolumes available for consumption by the assisted-service and postgres pods.  A few options exist that we can recommend:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Storage can be provided however you deem fit.  Cloud environments typically have dynamic storage available after OpenShift cluster installation.  The requirements are (2) PersistentVolumes available for consumption by the assisted-service and postgres containers in the assisted-service pod.  A few options exist that we can recommend:
```
